Oh, oh bad, on the other side, it's on the dark side of your...
Oh, the cut, like stabbing and cutting, just like, ugh, the idea just gives me the hibbly jibilis.
Ugh, do you need something like that? Is it that deep?
Oh, I don't know, no, no, no, I don't want to, ugh, ugh, ugh, like peeling an apple, like that kind of, ugh.
♪♪♪
Your background looks different.
Yeah, I moved, I literally moved my office across the house, into a different room entirely.
Wait, really?
Yeah, we, uh, we switched the workout room and my office.
How come?
Well, theoretically, over here, there will be no noise.
I don't have to deal with the kids running around upstairs.
It just should be like, I can record any time without disrupting the house.
And I'm trying to get the Pro To Be Us self-paced stuff done.
That's gonna take, uh, some dedicated quiet time in the house, and that's impossible.
So, we moved my office.
It was actually a huge, huge undertaking.
Uh, because as you know, the fiber terminates in my office closet.
I was just gonna say that, I was gonna say that fiber no longer making your office, or does it?
The fiber terminates there, uh, but the modem is the only thing in that closet now, and it sends, uh, it's connected through ethernet.
I moved my server rack across the house, which meant electricians running new dedicated circuits.
I mean, it was like a huge undertaking, uh, but it all went pretty smooth.
It was like one day, it took a whole day.
I was really sore the next day, uh, so I did this on Wednesday.
Yesterday, my toes, everything somehow is sore from moving all this heavy stuff.
Isn't it funny that no matter how much you work out, the moment you do, like, a different motion?
That's not what you've been doing.
It's just like, you suck at life again.
You find all the little things that have not been worked out, yeah.
Yeah.
'Cause I had to move our gym, which had, like, some crazy heavy stuff.
I'd get a hand truck, like, it was a whole deal.
I always find the concept of, like, moving weights to be funny.
Like, you, uh, like, you order weights from Amazon or whatever, and it's like, they just have to bring this really heavy package to you.
But the purpose of the package is no purpose of letting them be heavy.
It's something about that, I find really funny.
So you have to move your weights, and it's like, oh, why do you think so heavy?
Well, that's, that's like what you bought them for, to be heavy.
Yeah, exactly.
So you're given, uh, I guess the UPS drivers get a little work out every day, moving people's fitness equipment.
Yeah.
It is, if we talked about the arbitrary nature of exercise, like, on the podcast, just how weird it is.
No, it ain't--
Well, just, like, the idea of exercise as this idea that we had to introduce, because we just don't move anymore.
We used to, like, 500 years ago, they didn't have to exercise.
They just, like, they moved all the time, right?
So there's this funny observation that someone had made the nice experience of it in real life.
Uh, when I was in New York, the gym I would go to was, so weirdly, I lived in Manhattan, but I live a nice one mall, like, a very suburban feeling mall.
And the gym was on the second floor, and so I'd have to go up there.
And, of course, I had two options, like the escalator or the stairs.
And instinctively, I'd go on the escalator so that I could go to the gym and then, like, do exercise, right?
It's just, yeah, my brain is, like, I can't exert here, but I can exert there.
Exactly.
It's such a bizarre thing, like, when you really think about what we do, all the different things we do in fitness, and just how big of an industry it is, like, strength training and cardio, all these things that just, like, they're all modern.
They're constructs that we had to invent just to move, like, little hamsters on a hamster wheel.
Yeah, I mean, it's funny this now extends to animals to, like, Zuko needs a workout every day because he gets these so far removed from his natural state as well.
It's not bad.
I'm not complaining about it.
It's just kind of funny when you think about it.
Yeah.
Like, us doing all these things that are kind of mimicking, like, what our long-ago ancestors would have done just in daily life.
Yeah, this is a, it's fine.
I figured I'd bring up to 11 every single episode lately, but yeah, it's this funny line where he's like, the best workout is a random street fight every day.
Yeah, that'll do it.
Uh, the adrenaline, I mean, I, I don't know, like, a street fight.
I'm sure that's a whole nother level, but, like, Zuko tournaments is about as much adrenaline as I've felt.
I mean, I played high school football.
Like, I've done some things in life that would have been, like, pretty adrenaline driving.
Uh, just Zuko tournaments, like, when you're fighting another person, there's just something about it.
It, it, you exert things that you just can't exert.
You can't mimic it in the gym.
Like, I can't go in the gym and, like, actually drum that up.
It all has to come through physiology.
Yeah.
I think his point, uh, beyond the adrenaline is that, uh, the randomness of a street fight, similar to you moving your ways.
Like, you know, the street fights are random every time.
So.
Yeah.
It, it is really interesting.
Like, as I've been getting more and more into strength training, I have a personal trainer, just the isolated nature of every movement.
Like, we're doing these crazy specific movements in this full range of motion that, like, ultimately is really isolating muscle groups.
But then, yeah, you do something totally random, like, move your furniture around and you find out.
There's a lot of connected stuff, a lot of other little muscles that I'm not really working in the gym.
It's, it's funny because I feel like my, it's things have been inverted because when I was younger and I would play, like, three or four hours of sports every day.
We had to, like, go to the weight room for practice, but, like, I, like, never did anything in there.
Like, completely tested.
It didn't matter because I was, like, doing the actual thing, like, actual sport, otherwise.
So it's, like, just an optimization on top of that, that I, that I was skipping.
But now it's the complete opposite where, like, I never play sports. I don't just do the other work, which is a lot less fun.
And I feel like a lot less effective, generally.
Yeah. So on that note, we're going to play a basketball game at Larricon in, like, two weeks.
I mean, it's soon.
I don't.
Yeah.
You have not touched a basketball. I saw you say on Slack.
I don't know when the last time was, like, six years, maybe.
I also didn't know. I went in the other day and just buy myself in the gym because there was nobody there.
I didn't know in early mornings if there'd be, like, pick up games or something, but nobody there.
I just shot around, just, like, ran around and shot, but not even, like, ran around a lot.
Like, stayed on one half court and just kind of, like, you know, you know, like, just kind of, like, mimicking game situations.
I did some post stuff, but it's, whatever.
I burned, like, 400 calories in 45 minutes, which is just insane for, like, shooting around.
I'm not, like, playing a, if I played a game of basketball, my heart would explode, first of all.
But I'd have that whole, like, first time back where you taste blood, like, you know what I'm talking about?
Like, there's something about, like, getting that first game experience.
But just shooting around. I burned a ton of calories. I was sweating, like, crazy.
It was amazing work. And it was just fun.
Like, I never once thought, like, I'm doing a hard thing.
It's just, like, this is a good time. And the same thing with playing a game.
Like, you get caught up in it and you're just huffing and puffing.
But it's nothing like arbitrary workouts where you kind of hate every second and you just want to be done.
So we got to play sports.
I know. I got to get back into it. It's, uh, yeah.
I remember, like, in the summer when I was in high school, like, literally for hours every single day in the hot summer.
Like, I'd be doing something. And, like, by the end of the summer, I just could run forever.
Like, we just run and never get tired. And now, like, I can barely run.
Yeah. Yeah, I still remember that feeling.
So are you going to do anything before this, this much anticipated game?
I don't know. It's really not my style, too.
You can turn it all about just dying in a full court pickup game.
I am going to die for sure. But we've got a lot of subs.
Like, but we can only say that so much. Somebody has to play.
I think we have enough subs where we can literally just have, like, where, like, you don't have to play for more than 10 minutes.
You don't watch. Oh, really? Okay. Nice. Okay. So I'm putting too much pressure on it.
Was it like seven players per side?
Would there just be two subs or are we playing four on four?
If we hang on, I think it was maybe it was nine.
I forgot what David said, but I mean, even two subs is good, right?
Cause you just said, well, if me and you are both dying and we have to sub out and we can't come back in and that means they're bales.
That's to keep playing.
We just do frequent subs, you know, short breaks.
Okay. Yeah. Short breaks on the side and then we'll see something back in that.
In my opinion, given the average age of everyone, I thought we should just do half court for the court and the camera.
So it would be easier too.
It's true. But I don't know.
Did you see the three on three Olympics stuff?
How dumb is that sport?
Like the three on three basketball?
I didn't see it.
It just shouldn't exist.
It looked so stupid.
Like the real basketball, like just all of them playing on a half court, three on three.
I don't know.
Just for the Olympics, it just feels like the Olympics should be better than that.
More like epic.
I just felt like this weird pickup game.
I didn't even realize there was like, did we really need more basketball?
Like, why is there like basketball?
And then like, what's the one I'm just like kind of a basketball, okay?
Yeah, I don't get it.
Like, who's asking for that?
Who actually does decide what sports are played at the Olympics?
Yeah, I mean, there's a Olympic committee.
But then I was like, I was thinking about one, I didn't watch.
I didn't watch any of the Olympics.
Like I would do some of that showed up on Twitter and stuff.
Yeah, I guess I didn't either.
I mean, I followed like, I saw the headlines that like the US won the basketball.
Like, some things like that.
I guess I did catch a couple like highlights, like the Lyles 100 meter.
Yeah.
Did you see that?
That was crazy.
Yeah.
Yeah, I didn't really want.
I didn't sit down and watch the Olympics ever.
Yeah.
So someone like made a thread of highlights and one of them was the synchronized swimming,
which is, you know, really like insane and crazy.
What's that?
You just put it?
Yeah.
Okay.
But I just couldn't shake the thought of like, how did we even come up with this in the first
place?
Like, how was there like, because one, I was imagining, how do you get into this?
In the first place.
It's like so random.
How did you believe like, get into this?
So I can imagine at some point someone was like, oh, like you can do like these cool
dancing moves in the water and like, maybe that turned to a sport.
But at what point were they like, okay, but now it's a team sport and we're going to
like, it's an entire concept is going to be us and think you are.
It just seems so like contrived.
How did that?
Yeah.
That's how people get so good at it.
How did it get like accepted to Olympic level?
How is there like a scoring category for it?
There's so many things like that.
Yeah.
In the Olympics.
And like, yeah, when did all this happen?
To be honest, I'm bothered by all of the different events that have like a judge.
It just feels like subjective and like, there's not this objective truth that like, you crossed
the line before the other people you win.
It's like, ah, I'm going to dock you a little bit for your style points on this event.
Like, what does that mean?
I don't know.
It just feels bad to me.
I actually feel the other way around.
My issue with the judges is that they're judges, but then it seems really narrow in terms of
getting score like there's like a rubric they basically fill out.
Just the deductions and all that.
Yeah.
And like, there's like a technical score for everything.
There's like, you know, an execution score and all that.
The difficulty.
Yeah.
To me, that all feels made up to the point where I'm just like, or it feels like it robs it
or something where I just rather be like, like, better if they were just judges that were
like about a 10.
Yeah.
Isn't that used to be the thing?
Like, you got an eight.
They hold up the card.
Wasn't that a thing?
Oh, that's the dumb contest.
I thought that was the Olympics.
I mean, I love the dumb contest, but a reason because it's a showmanship and like surprising
people and all of that.
So I rather than commit to the idea of judges versus this weird middle ground.
Okay.
So that brings up a great thing I want to talk to you about.
I'm not a great thing.
It's just a stupid storyline, I think, but this break dancing thing.
You break dance.
Yeah.
You break dancer.
I watched the clip.
I just, I saw it scrolling through Twitter.
Didn't know anything about the story.
And I couldn't have told you she was good or bad at break dancing.
It didn't look like she wasn't break dancing to me.
Everyone freaked out.
She got zero points.
She scanned her way in or something.
To me, it looked like she was break dancing.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
I don't know.
That's what I'm saying.
Like to the layman.
I don't think that was uncommon because that was the first day of the event and that was
some of the first clips that people saw.
And a lot of replies were, I can't believe they put break dancing Olympic.
So I guess a lot of people concluded that that's what break dancing was.
Yeah.
And it wasn't that impressive.
So this is like.
So I need to watch some of the other contestants so I can understand why she got a zero.
Okay.
So break dancing is funny because.
What she was doing, I'd never seen anyone move like that.
That was like.
Someone described it in this hilariously perfect way where they were like.
This seems like one of those spy comedies where like the spy has to act like they're in.
In a break dance contest.
Yeah.
Like video center something.
Or something.
Just doing what they think break dancing would be in this comedic way.
That's really what it came across like to me.
Okay.
Now's how the movements are.
That said, there's also this other extreme.
So if you watch like the next days with like the more like expert people.
People watched some of them.
They were like, how did that person not win?
They were good at the best.
So there's a version of break dancing.
There's two things in break dancing.
There's like power moves and there's like style.
So power moves tend to be the things that if you don't know much about break dancing,
it's like pulling shit. How did they even do that?
Like that they go upside down.
They're flying around.
They're doing all these like crazy, like effectively like gymnastics, but you know,
in the break dancing form.
And so you think that that's like what that's all about and like whatever does that stuff.
The best is the one that wins, but it's not because there's a musicality component to it,
which is where the style thing comes in.
The best people are the ones that can like compose those crazy moves together along with like.
More traditional dancing things like hit the beat and like and all that stuff.
And if you're not like into music or into like dancing in general,
you might not even pick up on that on some of those things.
Yeah, I picked up on none of those.
I mean, some of it looked ridiculous.
Some of the things she did, like the Winsher Wiper looking moves with their legs.
I got that that looks stupid, but then she did some stuff that looked like,
I don't know, I've seen break dancers do no, not at all.
It's not really and like I know Scott, Scott is like, yeah, Scott's let's keep syntax.
He's like way better than I ever was.
Like he's very, very, very, very good.
I saw him do some of it at React Miami.
Yeah, he's quite good.
I never really got into the power moves.
I kind of stayed with the style of stuff and he's very good at the power stuff as well.
And he was like trying to like defend the situation, which I totally get like in general,
if this person performed or like was at like some kind of break dancing event and did what she did,
most people would not say anything to me.
They would like be nice and support her because it's the Olympics, which is kind of spirit.
He was trying to bring kind of like remind people of.
But at the same time, like it's the Olympics, like this is, this is a lot that you have put yourself in.
You've opted into, you understand that, you know, you're choosing to compete at this level.
And I'm really skeptical that in the entire country of Australia, people were saying like,
Oh, you know, like female break dancing isn't as pertinent, but like, that's not really true.
Like, like there's something.
They actually spun it up.
Like if the Olympics is at male and female.
Yeah, I think it was men versus.
Yeah, it was separate.
So I feel like there had to be someone else in the entire country of Australia that was better.
It just might be that like, it's a new, it's a new event.
Maybe people weren't interested or like it was like annoying to qualify or whatever it was.
Well, no, there's like the whole story.
You've not heard like the she was the head of the committee or her and her husband or something.
Like she basically like fought her way in.
Oh, is that a thing?
Yeah, like it was kind of a scan, a bit of a scandal.
But to me, it isn't like surprising, I guess that like this many sports, this many countries,
there's going to be some people get in that like maybe they shouldn't have been in.
I don't know, I guess it's bad for if you're an Australian woman, break dancer and you didn't get in because this.
Yeah, woman forced her way in, then you feel bad and that sucks.
But like, it's not surprising to me.
I'm surprised actually if this is the first time this kind of thing's happened, that'd be surprising to me.
Like I feel like this should be pretty common.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, I think the image didn't help because it was that and then like she's like a professor.
She's like an academic, you know, of break dancing.
Yeah.
Well, not.
I mean, people are saying that, but that's like a little bit of an exaggeration.
I think she's had some papers on like.
It's a tough thing that I hate.
People write papers on really contrived pretentious things.
It's like the effect on break dancing of social economics.
It's just like, it's just stuff like that, right?
Like something that it doesn't look good.
Like maybe there's some value in that paper, but you can see how it seems like it's probably just made up.
Yeah.
So it really just feels like this outsider that kind of was like a fan of this thing and tried to like claim it.
I mean, that's what it, what it looks like.
Yeah.
I just struggled to imagine that there weren't, there wasn't someone better that.
Actually, it could have.
Oh, sure.
Could have put it forward.
She got zero points.
That's funny.
That's impressive, actually.
Like to go out there and get zero points.
I feel like that's almost as hard as getting a really good score, right?
Yeah.
I did.
Okay.
So I will say, I think there is a split between people that I observe.
So when something like this happens, so I will laugh at it and I will think that it's funny in some cases.
But my first thought is always, oh my God, like, what if that was me?
Like, in this situation, the whole world thinks I suck at dancing and like, I was talking about it.
Like, I just think about how easily that just could have been me, even though it's a completely rational.
Like, why would I have it in the situation?
Yeah.
And they're like tempers.
Like any kind of reaction to have a good amount.
But other people just, that doesn't cross their head at all.
And they just like go at it with full force and people just can't believe that they could randomly be in that situation.
And this extends to the point where like, like anything crazy, like anyone that's like killed someone.
And I'm like, oh my God, like, what if I was in a situation where I killed someone?
I don't do that.
No.
Well, if I told you what I do, which is like, if somebody was like somebody in this room killed someone, I immediately feel like it was me.
Like, I'm a guilty one.
I always had this feeling of guilt and I don't know where that comes from.
I think it's kind of related.
Yeah, it's kind of related.
Yeah.
I would say, I watched.
It's a ray gun.
I watched the clips like so many times.
Like, I watched.
So I went and I like collected them all in different tabs.
And it's what is watching over and over and over and over.
And finally someone made like a full compilation.
I was like, thank you.
And they watched that one over and over and over again.
Just because it was like enjoyable, funny to you or.
There's just one move that she does where it looks like she's trying to do like app workouts.
Which is the honor.
I just like crunching.
I'm like, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I know what you're talking about.
Yeah.
I like this.
This, this so reminds me of like, you know how workout classes get like weirder and weirder
and weirder over time because they need to like get people excited about moving.
Yeah.
This is looks like some weird Pilates alternative.
Someone, someone came up with.
I mean, like again, if you don't know anything about break dancing, it all just seems like
the same stuff to me.
Like what's the difference?
It like, why is that not impressive?
But this other random movement is, I mean, I know it's not random, but it just seems weird
to me in arbitrary.
Okay.
You, you, you could have done all of those movements with zero.
Oh, I couldn't, I couldn't do real break dancing moves where you're saying like those
like watching what she did.
Yeah.
You, you, I can't think of a single movement in there that you would need like, okay.
So I could just like actually, ooh, how many people have like fully done the full routine,
like mimics.
Like, that'd be an interesting exercise.
Can I do the entire routine?
I'll film it if I do.
And I also, another thing that this was funny about specifically stuff in the hip hop category
because so much of it is there's not technical rules to it.
And so much of about it is this unmeasurable thing that's, you can't articulate someone
out there could probably, I bet I could actually even do this, could go do that exact same
routine.
It's like basically the exact same and it would look like 10 times better.
Interesting.
Just because they have a certain sense of a certain thing that is totally missing.
Is it Riz?
Is that what?
Yeah.
It's like it's that category.
It's like, and even if I'm watching it, then I'll think about it if we compare it to and
be like that person's better, but you wouldn't be able to really, really say why.
Like if, if Michael Jackson was still alive and he did those moves, it'd be like, oh,
that's actually pretty cool.
Okay.
It would look cooler doing it.
Yeah.
And a lot of it, like there's some like, it could come down to the clothes you wear, if
you come down to like the shape of your body, just understanding all that and how to make
stuff look good.
Yeah.
It's not like someone sit there and sit there and studies and figures it out.
They're just like a instinct you develop over time around those things.
It's interesting that there's like, that there is like these objective, like that looks
better than that.
It's interesting that we prefer on the viewing side that we have these weird, like instinctual
preferences that we don't decide.
And it's like that was more aesthetically pleasing than that when it comes out of these
very complex things, like dance movements.
It's super interesting.
Yeah.
I respect dancers a lot.
Like that just looks hard.
When I watch like Casey watches TikTok stuff, when I see like crazy dance stuff people do,
that's impressive.
Like to be able to control your body like that as someone who's tried to play some sports,
not easy.
Like I can't imagine doing some of those things.
Yeah.
I definitely experienced because I was super into dance up in high school and I also played
sports and there's like a great synergy between the two.
Like when you get knocked around, maintaining your balance and like recovering and stuff.
Like it's so similar to like the dancing motions you get used to.
Yeah.
I think I like Steph Curry.
He'd probably be a really good dancer.
Yeah.
I'm guessing.
Okay.
This conversation got weird.
Let's move on.
Where we're at right now.
What's going on?
I feel like we haven't talked much, I'm a bit out of the loop on basically everything.
Yeah.
You've been kind of silent.
I have been.
What's going on in the world or in our little world?
I cut my head yesterday shaving and it's bad.
You can't see it and I'm not going to show it to you because I think on the other side,
it's right.
It's back here.
It's on the dark side of your.
I was going like this and then I was going really fast, which I should not do.
And I just went.
And I was like, that felt like what a yeah, and we got like stabbing and cutting just
like the idea just gives me the ability to do this.
I was in the shower and I was just bleeding for like 15 minutes and then I put a bandit
over and this morning I took it off and it's so kind of bleeding because that's not good.
Maybe you need like a not a stitch, but like one of those butterfly bandaid things.
Do you need something like that?
Is it that deep?
Oh, it's not deep.
It's like a super clean.
Okay.
Oh, don't.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
You're killing an apple like, yeah, it's just shallow.
Okay.
So the first time I ever met, Ken Wheelie, which was a react Miami the day before I did
the same thing.
So the side of my head.
I've only come in twice.
These are the two times that happened.
And I was describing to him and he goes, Oh, of course, he's like, so he's got so good
with birds.
He's like, Oh, you like slice a little piece of bacon off.
And I was like, yeah, it's actually exactly what it was.
Because when we cut back and we do it really thinly.
I know.
Yeah.
It's a thing that I do a lot often.
I'm going to go slice some bacon right now, probably actually just give me a second.
No, I'm sure it makes sense to you.
So that's what's going on with me.
So you cut your head.
That's literally.
Okay.
Well, it's anything else happened in the world, like in the tech world.
What's going on on Twitter?
I don't feel like I've been on Twitter hardly.
There's a fantasy football league.
That's the only time I go on Twitter now is check the DM's for the fantasy football
league.
We got a little group of tech friendlies.
It's good time.
Who's going to win?
Is there?
I will say I have won the last two fantasy football leagues I was in.
Really?
Just saying.
I do it every year, but like, I've got a secret and I'm not going to divulge it on
the podcast.
Is there a punishment for someone that comes and wants?
We're going to come up with something.
Yes.
If you want to help, you're quite the saddest.
They have to sign up and take the SATs.
Okay.
Sounds fun.
That sounds awful.
That would be the kind of to you that it would just haunt me.
It's like, I got to go do the stupid SATs because I lost fantasy football.
We got to come up with a winning thing and a losing thing.
So it actually that we have an audience.
I always forget.
It's not just me and you.
Anyone in the audience that wants to, we need like an email address.
We need some way for people to like officially send us suggestions.
Let's do it.
Send it to something, anything, anything really at tomorrow.fm.
Whatever you want.
We'll just have it on an alias that forwards to me and DAX.
So you can send it to DAX at tomorrow.fm.
You can send it to Adam at tomorrow.fm.
You can send it to slice off a little piece of bacon at tomorrow.fm.
Whatever you'd like, really.
If you have suggestions for our fantasy football league, I'd like to hear from DAX too here.
But if you have like a good prize or a good, you lose situation, let us know.
If you lose, you have to post that tailwind sucks and then reply to every single reply
you get.
It's doubling down.
That sounds terrible.
There's something along those lines.
Oh, speaking of Ken, Ken's in the league.
Ken Rakes.
Yeah, yeah.
Wow.
It's a good league.
Well, let's take a quick break.
I'm just going to say that when I have to pee now.
Okay.
I'm going to take a quick break.
You're going to hear from our sponsors, I'll get it back.
This episode of What About Tomorrow is brought to you by the fact that DAX forgot to switch
his microphone to the proper input setting.
And so you're hearing the entirety of his office plates and scratches on the table as
it records from his computer microphone.
You can support future episodes of this podcast by tweeting @dax on Twitter @thdxr and reminding
him to switch his microphone to the proper input.
Alternatively, you can also visit terminal.shop to buy some fun products, like coffee, possibly,
which I don't think they shipped Canada.
So I don't know if it actually works, but I trust that what they're saying is true.
Terminal.shop.
And now back to the show.
Do you have a primary care physician?
Yeah, but like not like a, I don't have like the person for life, which I have, I'm slowly
filling in for other things, but I haven't figured that out for you.
Person for life, like your BFF, your BFF.
With these things, like I like to try to find someone that's really good and like rely
on forever.
It's like the remainder of their career.
Like the plumber and electrician.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
I have an electrician now named Ed.
He's done like three or four jobs for me.
He's my electrician for life, as long as I live in the Ozarks.
Shout out to Ed.
Yeah.
It sucks.
When you move, you got to start over.
It's kind of what happened to me.
You got to start over.
It's not really for life, is it?
Yeah.
That said, I, I went to a PCP and I got, I'm sorry, what's a PCP?
Oh, primary care physician.
Sorry, you know, I wasn't helped like so, so I know these things.
I went, but I hadn't gone, I hadn't had a good physical in like a year.
Oh, yeah.
I, no, I don't think I've been to a doctor.
I've gone to the hospital two or three times in the last couple years, haven't been to
a doctor and I don't know how long, like maybe not in adulthood.
Like I don't think I've, I've never had a primary care physician.
It's like my doctor is that, well, never, like in high school, like growing up, I had
one, like our family doctor, but like in adulthood, I've never been able to fill that
out on the form, you know, when you go in and you had to fill out your forms, who's your
primary care physician, I've never had one.
And I'm trying to establish one, I went to the doctor yesterday for the first time in
a very long time.
One thing I told them is that I pee a lot.
Just, that's what maybe, I told them, I have a podcast and they make fun of me that I have
to pee all the time.
So said to get in there that I have a podcast, you know, I mean, just one more listening.
If you find your podcast, you'd be like, why are you telling me that?
I'm vegan, by the way, Neil, I don't just, if you're curious, doctor.
The challenge me and Liz are struggling with is, and this is, okay, I have to say, this
is first thoughts.
I'm going to say that out loud, because she always gives me shit when I repeat her thoughts.
We went to this person to get our wisdom teeth out.
I got mine out and she got hers out a little bit later.
The most competent person ever, like, makes you feel amazing, like, so you like really
understand everything's going out.
I really like confidence in what's going to happen, just really great unique vibe that
makes you feel that way.
Then the actual procedure also like was way, like my wisdom teeth and hers did not hurt
at all because they did all this stuff beforehand, they take these different things like a few
days leading up to it.
And then like, it was like, it was a very prescriptive thing that most people don't, I'm
like, I had a rough experience and it was really good.
So just like extremely, extremely, extremely competent, but he only freaking does mouth
jaw stuff.
Like, I can't go to him if I'm like, I'm peeing a lot, you know, I'm just like, he's probably
going to help you.
Here's the thing.
He's like in the top 1% of doctors to the point where I'm like, Hey, if I need knee surgery,
like he's want to take a crack at it, like, I'm sure you're good.
Probably better than, yeah, knee surgery in the Ozarks, for sure.
I'm sure you could figure something out.
Yeah.
So we're like, why it just sucks because it's such a precise field that even if you do find
these people, yeah, it's just for such a narrow spot in your life.
Do you ever think about like the different, we know that there's like, there's the 10x
engineer trope, but there's like, engineers are like a hundred and a thousand times better
than other people who are paid to be an engineer.
Do you ever think about that difference when you go to the doctor, like, all the time?
Is this a 2x doctor?
I'm in the Ozarks.
So I'm like, is this a, is this a doctor?
Yeah.
I mean, this thing clicked for me at some point because I, I was like, we just assume all
doctors are smart.
It's hard to be a doctor, but within that pool, there's still the traditional distribution
in there is every single career.
It doesn't matter.
Mm hmm.
Like the worst doctor is so, it's probably horrible, you know?
Yeah.
Yeah, when you like, I follow sports when I hear about like the knee surgeon, they all
go to you.
Oh, yeah.
Or like an Achilles tear.
It's like the guy you go to this guy.
And I think like he's probably like a million times better at surgery than the guy that did
my knee surgery.
Like easily.
Yeah.
But again, it's a, it's a specialization that's crazy.
So let's have to get her gallbladder out and the guy, the doctor that did it, at first
we were like a little, she was like a little nervous about it because he was pretty old,
but he was maybe like 70.
So it kind of felt like, oh, like, you know, is he going to like, yeah, because you have
to carry all of those things.
But immediately, once you start talking about it, she felt way better because this is the
only thing he has done for literally that same every day.
He wakes up.
Same surgery.
Sucks out, sucks out to a gallbladder.
And he's removed like 1000s, like, I don't know how many, like.
It's wild to think about actually, like these people who, the surgeons that literally do
one surgery repeatedly, yeah, all day long, they're scheduled out for this, like one thing
they work on.
There's no equivalent to that in our industry.
Is there like, because there's manual labor at the end of the day, it's manual, like craftsmanship
labor.
Yeah.
You would hire someone to like build you a table.
They built the same table.
That was the exact same type of thing.
Yeah.
Is there like, what's the most specialized you get in tech?
It's like, oh, this is the, the mobile developer.
What's the, what's the equivalent or the closest?
The closest thing we have.
This does exist.
This definitely exists.
Like, I know there's like the font rendering specialist that make like a million and a half
at Google a year.
There's that kind of thing where like, there's like a handful of people that know that stuff
and they do it really well.
Is that, is that close?
I think it usually ends up not being pure tech like that.
They usually end up being like, uh, something in a specific industry, like software in a
specific industry.
Oh, I see.
So it's more about the, the type of software than it is.
Yeah.
Okay.
Interesting.
Yeah.
So, but it's, again, it's just not, it's like rare for, yeah, but we don't generally operate
that way.
We operate as generalists.
But yeah, I just can't imagine like, I'm sure there's ways to like get more interested
in new technique show up, but he's just doing that same second of all letters every single.
Do they literally suck them out?
They remove the gold or it's funny because it sounds like a joke, but I think they do
use some kind of like a suction that's crazy.
Yeah.
I guess like all of my wife, Casey's family has had their gallbladders removed.
So I did know that gallbladders get removed.
Like there's a problem with your gallbladder.
It's coming out.
Apparently we don't need it.
So here's a career.
I think you and my husband just talked to, I think you just posted, you need to get it
out.
Oh, really?
So here's a crazy part, right?
So he's been doing this.
He and also in our fantasy football league just every time we talk about someone who's
in the fantasy football league, I'm going to call it out that's also not in the fantasy
football league, sorry, I'm not in it.
So he's just, the soccer's been doing this for 50 years where everything will be.
He's never had a bad result.
Wow.
That's amazing.
Imagine if we were that good at our jobs and we had never shipped above to production.
He's never messed up.
Wow.
I took production down yesterday, literally.
I didn't really do it, but it was my team.
I mean, it was us.
We did it.
Yeah.
That's like, I mean, like think about pilots, like every pilot that you see, I was on a
plane once when it was the last flight for this captain and they did all like, you've
done that.
The whole like fire trucks shooting the, they just shoot the fire hose yet the arriving
airport, they're like shooting a bunch of fire trucks lined up, shooting the fire hose
up in the air.
Like a big arch.
It was amazing.
The, his whole family was on the plane.
It's like this crazy moment that you're getting to experience.
Yeah.
He's like, he's never, he's never crashed a plane.
He wouldn't be here.
Like he's, he's flown for 35 years and never, never did the thing, what worked out nailed
it.
Yeah.
I mean, that's all just a matter of what we're talking about.
Because when I was on a plane, kind of from Spain, the rain, it's been mostly falls in
the plane.
Wait, what?
Is that a thing?
Yeah.
The thing.
In the Spain.
Sorry.
I don't know that one.
So he was, uh, there's coming back from Barcelona, and this is like, he had like two
other flights.
But this was the last flight from Barcelona.
And he's like, I've been doing this route since like the eighties.
Wow.
I'm like, he's just flying back and forth from Barcelona and Miami for like 30 plus 30 40
years.
And he's like, yeah, imagine like you just see the city change over time.
Oh, yeah.
And then the next day you're in Miami and the next day you're in Barcelona and you're
students for super, super long and he has really amazing speech about like, uh, like
thanking the city and like seeing a change and like actually vacationing there and like
in the beginning experience, like, you know, all the culture and all that.
And it's yeah, this is a very normal American guy that just every other day was in Barcelona.
That's wild.
Decades.
So mind blown.
Like, would you have a home there?
If you just were like dedicated to, I'm going to do this route because with seniority
in the airlines, like you can kind of like, if you're, you've been there a long time,
you can just choose your thing and know you're going to keep doing that thing forever.
Like, would you have a home there or no, you just stay at a hotel every single time.
Well, it's funny because he was saying his daughter started abroad there and then he
like, Victor.
That's wild.
Yeah, it's just like this thing that's so crazy.
We just go into the other side of the planet and just becomes your day like casual.
Yeah.
That is actually surprising to me.
I'm not a pilot.
So I don't know the psychology here.
Maybe it's like just an enjoyable route, but I would think I'd want to do different things
like day to day, week to week.
I can't imagine being like, I want to do this exact same flight for the rest of my career.
It just sounds so like, I don't know.
Yeah.
It's depressing to me.
Some of these things are like that.
Like, it's the same thing every single day and people do it, but some people might like
that.
They might like the routine of it.
They just have like spice and variety and other areas of life and just not their job.
Are pilots a lot to like listen to podcasts or watch TV?
Oh, surely, right?
I think so.
My brother's a pilot for Delta.
I'll ask him.
I don't know.
Can they just like, yeah, could they watch Apple TV on their iPad?
Hmm.
Because I do think about some of these like jobs where it's routine and kind of mundane.
And I wonder, can you just become like the world's expert on something just because you
have so much time?
Yeah, so much time.
Oh, that's a good point.
Like truck drivers.
Not for sure. they can just listen to whatever.
Huh.
Like they could read every book ever.
They could be like the most well-read person in the world.
Why don't they?
Hmm.
Maybe someone else.
Yeah.
I wouldn't be surprised.
I want to say something, but I'm not going to say it.
It's not going to sell thing to truck drivers.
Yeah.
No, it wasn't.
It wasn't going to be an insult to truck drivers.
There's more.
Never mind.
Just sometimes I just know better.
The truck driving thing that just reminds me, I just heard something the other day about
we've talked about full self-driving and that whole situation.
I heard something on a podcast, I think, about like what it could do to our economy.
Like the number one job for males in America is driving and if like truck drivers get
replaced with autonomous cars that can just drive across the country, that's crazy actually.
But will they actually make a huge difference or will it just be like a whole generation
that doesn't sign up for that job and does something else?
I don't know.
It's like the economics.
Yeah.
And like, I think with the truck driving one, they also point out the cascading effects.
Like there's so many businesses that service these routes.
Like truck stops.
Yeah.
Truck stops, like diners and all of the different things.
It's okay.
This is completely random.
When I would drive, and a bunch of people are going to know exactly what I'm talking
about because I've done this.
When I used to drive from New York to Miami-
From Spain to, oh, okay.
You're in Lisbon by the way.
No, Adam Spain.
It's across the ocean.
Oh, yeah.
I can't drive.
I like the Bering Strait or something.
I don't know.
I can see that.
That's the other way.
Okay.
There's just a, there's just rust stops called south of the border.
And it's so random.
It is like a, it's like a theme park almost.
That's like Mexican themed.
It's just like, but it's not in Mexico.
It's not south of any border.
It's south of a, it's a way, under South Carolina.
I forgot where it was.
There's like some, it's like right on the border between two states.
Yeah.
It's just like this big random business that is like kind of like a theme park.
I've actually never stopped there because we'd always be there too late.
Yeah.
But everyone sees it on the way and like, yeah, like the truck drivers are stopping there
all the time.
And if that goes away, south of the border is going to have to shut down.
So rest stops is an interesting topic because I've driven some pretty long like south Florida
to Missouri.
Some states like Florida has really nice, really nice rest stops.
Like they'll be like these giant complexes.
It's like a shopping mall.
Florida's a third with highway stuff.
Is that what it is?
It's wild because you can see it when, so when we do the drive, the moment we cross from
Georgia to Florida, everything's completely different.
Like the highway.
Like in China.
Yeah.
Florida's has a lot of money.
Oh, they have a lot of money.
Is that the tourism?
Just the, yeah, yeah.
Just, I mean, a lot of.
Because they don't charge state income tax.
So they make up so much money from just the people coming in.
They only charge consumption taxes.
So whenever you're spending money in Florida, you're paying taxes.
Whatever.
It's property.
That's a good idea.
I feel like that's a good idea.
And a lot of money is spent in Florida.
Like a lot of money is spent in Florida.
So they're getting a percentage off of that.
It ends up working out.
Every state can't do that.
Now, the thing is, the reason is not a good idea is, you might come across this, but let's
say you get rid of income tax and you only tax on what you spend.
That seems like a good system because you're like, if you're someone that doesn't spend
a lot, you get tax less, so you imagine people that are not like, you know, don't have a
lot of money and they're not blowing their money.
But if you don't make a lot of money, you spend 100% of your money, so 100% of income
is tax.
Oh.
I see.
So it's actually worse for low earners.
Yeah.
It's worse.
It's called regressive tax.
It's worse for people that make.
Interesting.
Okay.
Counterintuitive.
That is counterintuitive.
I've had this thought before, like, why don't we all just, yeah, do the no.
That's how it works in Florida.
So why?
Okay.
I'm trying to think of the other states that are no income tax.
I guess a lot of people spend money in Texas.
That kind of makes sense.
Nevada.
I think.
Yeah.
Nevada, the gambling, I guess.
I'm in Washington.
Why Washington?
Why would they be no?
Is Wyoming a no-state income tax?
Do you ever just forget a state exists?
The other day, I was still in Casey, something about-
Yeah, they're called fly over states.
Is that what it is?
Oh, Missouri.
Yeah, Missouri.
I would forget that one too if I didn't live here.
But Idaho.
I was telling Casey about something about a nice area in Idaho, or I think it was Idaho.
And she was like-
Boise?
No, it wasn't Boise.
Some place in the mountains where they have that billionaire retreat.
Anyway.
I was saying something about Idaho and she was like, she thought I was talking about Ohio
or Iowa.
We're not sure.
She was like not thinking it was somewhere out west.
And I realized, yeah, she's saying remember Idaho exists and why would she?
It's like there's 50 of them.
We don't have to think about these states ever.
Yeah.
I mean, if you had to name every state for memory, it's probably pretty hard.
Oh, yeah.
That's tough.
If you had to draw where it's at too.
Sorry.
So income tax, state's why I come tax Alaska, New Hampshire, Texas, Florida, South Dakota,
Washington, Nevada, Tennessee, and Wyoming, so you're right right there.
There's no way a lot of people spend in the money in South Dakota.
There's just no way.
There's not a lot of people in South Dakota.
It's just prime.
Yeah, just prime.
Okay.
So I don't understand.
Good thing.
I'm not an economist.
I'm not in charge of any of this because...
Well, so hang on.
South Dakota, it's on the oil, right?
Oh, really?
Learn something new?
Yeah.
Oil production there.
I don't know if it's still the case, but historically...
Interesting.
Didn't know this.
Alaska also oil.
Okay.
I just realized I don't care.
I mostly don't care about any of these states.
There you go.
There's a move to Wyoming to stop paying taxes out.
The state taxes, I guess.
It is crazy that people live in California.
I remember a Nikita tweet that was like, "It's crazy that people spend 13% tax in California
and only get to be outside 200% more."
Or something like that.
It's like, "Is that literally it?
Do people just live in California because it's nice weather?"
Well, I mean, it is a very nice place, beautiful, nice place to live in a lot of ways.
But it just acts like they mess it up in a lot of ways that make it really unpleasant
that aren't necessary.
But yeah, he's always speaking about that, but Florida is a counter to everything he says
because it has no getting tax.
No, it compacts.
But it's also a different kind of nice.
South Florida is warm, but like...
Yeah, it's not as nice as California.
Yeah, the humidity.
It talks about being outside.
Yeah.
This is the thing that's very important to Casey and I.
We're trying to figure out how we can spend more time outside and the Ozarks are very
humid.
Did you know that they measure humidity?
The official scientific tiers, have you seen this?
Yes, I have, but you really have to go to a place to understand what the climate is
like because Miami is humid, but we're by the ocean and there's a constant breeze all
the time.
Yeah, so that's way, way, way less.
It's way more pleasant to be here than Orlando, which is just four hours north, but they're
like a little bit inside from, like, though, which is not as close.
Yeah, it's like a nine day difference between how pleasant it is.
So we don't have the breeze.
We're in the hills and it's just like trees and it's stagnant and it's disgusting.
It's actually the top two tiers are miserable.
That's literally the top tier.
It's like over 80% humidity is called miserable and the one below that, like 60 and 80 is
oppressive.
That's so pretty.
Like it's oppressively humid today.
It's miserable humid.
I just say about time now, like it's miserable outside scientifically speaking, but here's
the thing.
This is the me thing.
I don't mind the humidity.
Really?
Yeah.
It must be here in the inheritance.
I think so.
Yeah.
I think my jeans have just been made for this this whole summer.
I continue to work out outside and it's been really like the worst of the worst it gets
and I've been working outside and yeah, I don't like a bucket of sweat.
It's like crazy.
I'm like, I'm just like covered.
Yeah.
The layer of sweat.
But like it's fine.
Yeah, it's funny.
I'm like, I don't go outside in the summer here because it's just disgusting and I don't
want to get--
Or the winter because it's cold.
Yeah.
I don't want to go outside.
But then I'll get in the sauna and the cold plunge because like, if it's on my turn.
Exactly.
It's exactly different if I choose it, you know what I mean?
That's funny.
Yeah.
So I find that.
I don't think there's a month here where I've been like, I'm just talking about the
outside.
Ironically.
Wow.
The one time it's kind of true is like in January where it gets cold and by cold I think it's
like 60 degrees.
I love South Florida in the winter.
It's beautiful.
No, here's why I hate it.
I'm so used to just being able to wake up and go outside and then I go to do that and
I feel horrible.
I'm like, yeah, I have to like think about what to put on and like, my friend just does
not.
It just doesn't work.
You told me this before that you hate having to put a shirt on to go outside.
The other day I was, here's a before I have to jump off here's a funny little ticket.
So I was in my office and I was just in my box or something else.
And I had to go to the bathroom.
But my cleaning lady was in the house and I was like, oh, no, like, and she was like,
right at the other side of it and just close it and this is like, hey, can you bring me
a shirt?
I don't want to be weird, but then I looked into my closet and it was in my closet either
Theo or Mark or someone left of Tony here.
Nice.
It's in the closet.
I just flipped on.
Oh, that's awesome.
Yeah.
Thanks, Ping.
Thanks, Theo.
All right.
You got to go out for a phone call.
Yeah.
Let's take a quick break.
Until next week.
All right.
See you next week.